[stomping]
[whoosh]
[intro music playing]
♪ When you're hungry, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's sunny today, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ When it rains, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ The rainbow is so pretty, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ You and I go, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ It's a peaceful world, Gau, Gau! ♪
MY COUSIN AND THE SNAKE
Stop right there, Yamada!
-[screaming]
-Why do you always hit me
with the soccer ball?
You just happen to be standing
wherever the ball lands!
You won't get away with this!
[growls]
Yamada, you're gonna pay.
-[gulps] Gau?
-[door crashes]
Ah!
Welcome home.
Hello.
[roars]
[pants]
-Are you okay?
-Yes...
What a relief.
Wait, who are you?
My little sister's son, remember?
This is your cousin, Ichiro.
You've met before.
Oh, right.
You've gotten so big.
Thanks, grandma.
[Mom] He brought some daikon radishes
that my sister grew,
so we're having stewed daikon tonight.
I can't wait...
I'm going out.
Where are you going?
The park.
Then take Ichiro with you.
[groans]
[strange voice] The park is so boring.
Huh?
I'm right here.
-[screams]
-This is Elizabeth the rattlesnake.
Elizabeth?
That's your snake's name?
Who are you?
-Huh?
-This is my cousin, Naoko.
Really?
Wow!
Ichiro, you're a great ventriloquist.
But he always gets a zero on his tests.
[laughs]
Pipe down.
Hey, what's with the attitude?
This is why I didn't want to bring you.
Well, how do you think I feel
being stuck with you?
This is great! Let's show everyone.
Your cousin, Ichiro?
That's right.
Hello there.
[all] Ahh! What's that?
It's Elizabeth the rattlesnake.
♪ I am a rattlesnake ♪
♪ Rattle, rattle ♪
♪ I hope I don't rattle you ♪
♪ But I'd like to shake things up ♪
♪ Rattle, rattle ♪
That was great!
By the way, something's been bothering me.
What's that round thing floating up there?
I'm everyone's idol, Halley Tomoyo!
That sounds silly.
[exclaims in shock]
[Halley wails] So mean!
Ichiro! You shouldn't
say things like that!
It wasn't me.
I'm my own snake.
She just says whatever she wants.
Don't blame it on the puppet!
Go change your diaper!
Now I'm really mad!
You don't turn into Gauko.
Oh, right.
Elizabeth, you should apologize.
I haven't said anything wrong.
Fine, let's just go home.
No! I don't want to go home yet!
Stop being a brat!
You can't do anything without me.
Don't try to boss me around!
You can't do anything
without my right hand, either!
That's enough out of you!
Stop it! Stop biting me!
-You'll poison me!
-[screaming]
[both screaming and grunting]
Serves you right! It's all your fault.
What just happened?
It's like a bad comedy skit.
[pants]
Eli... Elizabeth...
What? If you apologize,
I might consider forgiving you.
You're always bossing me around.
I'm sick of letting you have your way!
I hate you, Elizabeth!
[splash]
[all panting]
I didn't see that coming.
Is he gonna regret doing this?
Ichiro! You don't want Elizabeth anymore?
[breaths heavily, groans]
[crickets chirping]
I'm home!
Hm?
Oh, it's Kazue's son, Ichiro.
Hi, honey.
Is something the matter?
He's been like this ever since he got back
from a walk with Naoko.
What happened, Naoko?
Um, well...
[Dad] Ichiro!
[Naoko] Ichiro!
[panting]
Wait up!
[water splashing]
-[Naoko] Found it!
-Huh?
Look!
Elizabeth!
Ow! [pants]
Elizabeth.
Elizabeth!
[sobbing]
-[hisses]
-[gasp]
Elizabeth!
Ichiro...
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, too.
[Dad] Hey!
Naoko!
Are you all right?
Yeah, we're fine. Right?
Yeah.
Ribbit?
Hm?
-[dramatic music playing]
-Hm?
[hisses]
[screams]
[screeches]
[shrieks]
Dad!
Stop it, Elizabeth!
Please stop!
[yelling]
Dad!
[screams]
Ow, that hurts! Stop it!
I said stop it!
-[roars]
-[screams]
[growling] Gau, Gau, Gau!
Naoko... [groans]
[roars, fire whooshing]
That was fun, huh?
Let's visit again.
Huh?
♪ Gau, Gau ♪
♪ I am Gauko ♪
♪ Here to protect the peace on Earth ♪
♪ Gau, Gau, Gau ♪
♪ Take my fire of justice ♪
Subtitle translation by Krysta Uyekawa